Make AddAbsorptionWeightedPathLengths work for lean peaks (#37407)
mantidproject/mantid: docs/source/release/v6.11.0/Diffraction/Single_Crystal/New_features/37407.rst

> - Update to algorithm `AddAbsorptionWeightedPathLengths` that now allows lean peaks to be used. There is also an otption to apply the correction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Update to algorithm :ref:`AddAbsorptionWeightedPathLengths <algm-AddAbsorptionWeightedPathLengths>` that now allows lean peaks to be used. There is also an option to apply the correction.
```
